feat: Add MongoDB Source (#969)
googleapis/genai-toolbox: docs/en/resources/sources/mongodb.md

---
title: "MongoDB"
type: docs
weight: 1
description: >
  MongoDB is a no-sql data platform that can not only serve general purpose data requirements also perform VectorSearch where both operational data and embeddings used of search can reside in same document.

---

## About

> [MongoDB][mongodb-docs] is a leading nosql database that can not only cater your operational data needs but also perform vector search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[MongoDB][mongodb-docs] is a popular NoSQL database that stores data in flexible, JSON-like documents, making it easy to develop and scale applications.
```

> [mongodb-docs]: https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/atlas-vector-search/vector-search-overview/

Reviewer: Should this point to a less specific page?
